Latexmk, version 4.86, 11 Dec 2024
----------------------------------

Latexmk completely automates the process of generating a LaTeX
document.  Essentially, it is a highly specialized cousin of the
general make utility.  Given the source files for a document, latexmk
issues the appropriate sequence of commands to generate a .dvi, .ps,
.pdf or hardcopy version of the document, including repeated running
of the programs until cross references etc are resolved.  Latexmk can also
be set to run continuously with a previewer; the latex program, etc,
are rerun whenever one of the source files is modified.

Latexmk automatically determines file dependencies from the LaTeX .fls,
.log, and .aux files.  It features: a fully reliable algorithm for deciding
how many times to run latex and related programs, automatic detection of
dependent files, the ability to generate pdf files using pdflatex or via
dvi or postscript files, and the continuous-preview mode.  For
bibliographies, the current version supports biber as well as the
traditional bibtex.  Which of bibtex or biber to use is determined
automatically. 

Please read the man page (or the corresponding text or pdf file) for
details of what latexmk does and what all the features are.  A list of
available command-line options is available by running 'latexmk --help'.

Latexmk is a perl script.  It is licensed under the GNU General Public
License v. 2.

It was modified by Evan McLean from the original script called "go"
written by David J. Musliner.  Now it is supported by

            John Collins
            Physics Department
            Penn State University
            104 Davey Lab, Box 208
            University Park PA 16802
            U.S.A.  

            https://www.cantab.net/users/johncollins/
            username jcc8 at node psu.edu

The start of the script file has copyright notices and disclaimers.  

NOTES:-

1) See the INSTALL file for installation instructions

2) The main portability/non-portability issues: The various commands to
   process LaTeX files may often need to be changed for particular
   installations.  See the INSTALL file and the documentation for
   information on customization.

3) Availability:

   a. In the TeXLive and MiKTeX distributions.

   b. On the CTAN tex archive --- see http://www.ctan.org/pkg/latexmk

   c. From the author's site at https://www.cantab.net/users/johncollins/latexmk/
   This site also includes previous versions, and sometimes newer versions
   under development.

John Collins
